---
layout: post
title: "Annual General Meeting 2019"
subtitle: "Sparsham AGM"
date: 2019-06-01 00:56
author: "Sparsham"
comments: true
categories: [AGM, 2019]
tags: [Sparsham, AGM, 2019, Kochi, Kerala]
header-img: ""
---

Sparsham AGM was conducted on June 6th at Kakkanad, Kochi. The meeting was presided by the Nithun Damodaran
and the meeting concluded after forming a new Executive Committee (EC) for the upcoming year. 
The meeting was kicked off by Sivashobh with his warm welcoming speech and gives the members about a brief description
of Sparsham. 

#### Agenda ####
1. Presentation of Financial Report FY 2018-19.    
2. Discussion on Financial Report.
3. New members.
4. Removal of inactive members.
5. New beneficiaries.
6. Budgeting of FY 2019-20.
7. Address change.
8. Election of new office bearers.
9. Social media activities.

#### Presentation of Financial Report FY 2018-19 ####
Jaseem, treasurer, presented the financial report for the year 2018-19. And the meeting unanimously passed the report.

#### Removal of inactive members ####
Decided to write-off subscription due from the members  Nipun Varma (Rs. 2400) and Praveen V (Rs. 3700) and remove them from membershipNew beneficiaries.

#### New members ####
Accepted membership of Vaisakh K with prior approval.

#### New beneficiaries ####
Decided to enrol more beneficiaries. Anjana, Nandana and Nirupama from Perambra and 2 students from Kollengode colony.

#### Budgeting of FY 2019-20 ####
Forecasted expenses:
1. Educational support for 20 students: 120,000.
2. Study materials: 30,000.
3. Medical aid: 20,000.
4. Toilet for Kollengode colony: 50,000.
5. Other events if any: 50,000.
Forecasted income:
1. Subscription fee: 120,000.
2. Donation: 150,000.

#### Address change ####
Address changed to DD Diamond Valley, Kakkanad.

#### Subscription fee ####
Subscription fee increased from Rs. 200 to Rs. 300.

#### Election of new office bearers ####
AGM unanimously elected below executive committee:

**President**

Vishnu KB

**Vice President**

Prajeesh H

**Secretary**

Sayuj Othayoth

**Joint Secretary**

Aneesh K

**Treasurer**

Jaseem TK

**Members**

Shivilraj P

Vyasdev M

Nithun Damodaran

Sivasobh P

Shamith C (Permanent invitee)

#### Social media activities ####
Formed a 3 member social media sub-committee: Vishnu KB, Prajeesh H and Vyasdev M.

#### UPI ID ####
Decided to create a UPI id for the bank account. It requires new mobile number and link it with bank account. 
Assigned all responsibility to Secretary.

The meeting was ended by a thanks giving speech by Vyasdev.